give me one more hooker oh good you're
here thieves listen now sit down I got
something I want to say it's a scary
world out there especially for a single
mom no no most felt that you and I have
a special bond so Phoebe Buffay will you
marry me oh my god Joey
oh yeah marry
you can't marry him hey lady your days
over it's my turn baby why can't you
marry me I can and I will
she's not pregnant
it's Rachel Rachel's the one who's
pregnant okay oh my god
hey baby I think you would notice when
you didn't have a baby in nine months
it's Joey
Rachel's pregnant yeah who's the father
we don't know a wonderful stat dude
there's a dude yeah who is it about a
month ago this guy spent the night with
Rachel no I didn't see who it was but
[Music]
who's that story over guy left this huh
oh my god I know who the father is
people have got to finish their stories
[Music]
hey there you go
yeah well what a tag say tag is not the
father and Joey knows now I do Rach I do
and I am so happy for you Wow oh wow you
didn't even try to unhook my bra
so are you ever gonna tell whoever it is
no I will I'm just not up for it tonight
okay grace listen no matter what this
guy says oh you don't know you're not
gonna be alone in this I'm not no listen
I am it's a scary world out there
especially for a single mom I've always
felt like you and I have this special
bond
so Rachel Green will you marry me what
what what just give me the ring back No
Oh Joey oh you're so sweet you are so so
sweet honey but I'm not I'm not looking
for a husband
I understand now if you will excuse me
I'm going to go and lie down I can't say
that didn't hurt but I'll take you back
Joey Tribbiani yeah Pheebs listen about
that Eileen what's the Lonnie buddy
there you go
I'm gonna go get these in some water did
you stole those from these people's
wedding no no I took them from the hotel
lobby yeah they think they can charge me
for some dirty movie and a bag of
Meshuga nuts they got another thing
coming babe my sweater I've been looking
for this for like a month
oh my god
[Music]
hey how you doing good good long time no
see yeah like sweater oh right back at
ya that's crazy about Rachel huh yeah
she well she's she's one crazy lady so
whose is it
um died well I want some Italian guys
read your own label